The Azure MLOps (v2) Solution Accelerator is a project designed to simplify the implementation of MLOps in Azure. MLOps is a set of automated and collaborative workflows that allow teams of machine learning professionals to quickly and easily deploy their models into production. The solution accelerator provides a modular end-to-end approach based on pattern architectures, with the goals of simplicity, modularity, repeatability, security, collaboration, and enterprise readiness. It achieves these goals with a template-based approach for end-to-end data science, driving operational efficiency at each stage. The solution accelerator is designed to be customizable to fit each organization's unique needs and can be up and running in just a few hours.

The solution accelerator supports both Azure DevOps and GitHub-based deployments and projects, and requires an Azure subscription, Azure CLI, and Git bash, WSL, or another shell script editor on your local machine. The project provides documentation on solution accelerator concepts and structure, supported machine learning patterns, accelerator deployment guides, and quickstarts for precreated project scenarios. The solution accelerator is designed to be a starting point for your MLOps journey, and can be customized to fit your organization's unique needs.

<iframe width="100%" height="420" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/5yPDkWCMmtk" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>